3/11/25, 4:56 PM Legal - Marketplace Terms and Conditions 
Products 
Solutions 
Developers 
Partners 
Pricing 
Log in Sign up 
Blog 
Docs 
Get Support 
Contact Sales 
Legal & Security / Marketplace Terms and Conditions 
Marketplace Terms and Conditions 
Last Updated on April 25, 2022 
These DigitalOcean Marketplace Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) are entered into between DigitalOcean, LLC, including its affiliates (collectively, “DigitalOcean”), and you and your company (“Vendor”, “you”, or “your”). These Terms apply to Vendorʼs publication of information regarding Vendorʼs software, data, media, service, product, Add-On, or other offering (“Vendor Offering”) and product information and images regarding your Vendor Offering (“Listing Information”) on the site maintained by DigitalOcean where it provides information about certain third-party offerings (“DigitalOcean Marketplace”). 
https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/marketplace-vendor-terms 1/14
3/11/25, 4:56 PM Legal - Marketplace Terms and Conditions 
By submitting your Vendor Offering to DigitalOcean for publication on the DigitalOcean Marketplace you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind Vendor to these Terms and agree to bind Vendor to these Terms. 
1. Submission, Approval, and Publication of Vendor Oerings 
(a) Submission Process. In order to participate in the DigitalOcean Marketplace, Vendor must submit a request in the form required by DigitalOcean. The 
requirements for each submission are set forth in DigitalOceanʼs current 
publishing guidelines (“DigitalOcean Marketplace Publishing Guidelines”) located at https://marketplace.digitalocean.com/vendors/getting-started-as-a 
digitalocean-marketplace-vendor, which DigitalOcean may update from time to time in its sole discretion. The DigitalOcean Marketplace Publishing Guidelines include minimum requirements for Vendors and Vendor Offerings to be included in the DigitalOcean Marketplace. Vendor may be required to create an account on a publishing portal (“Vendor Portal”) in order to manage the submission process. If DigitalOcean approves the Vendor Offering for inclusion on the DigitalOcean Marketplace, DigitalOcean may publish the Vendor Offering on the DigitalOcean Marketplace, subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms. DigitalOcean reserves the right to reject any Vendor application for any or no reason. Vendor is responsible for ensuring that the Listing Information associated with its Vendor Offering is accurate and up to date at all times. 
(b) Presentation of Vendor Offerings. DigitalOcean reserves the right to determine the manner in which Vendor Offerings, Listing Information, and any other information intended to inform DigitalOcean Marketplace users about a Vendor Offering, is presented and promoted in the DigitalOcean Marketplace. “Vendor Offerings” may include DigitalOcean 1Click Apps (also known as One Click applications), which are pre-built virtual machine images and/or Kubernetes configurations that automate common set-up steps for users including package installation, firewall rules, and software configuration, and may also include new types of listings as determined in the future in DigitalOceanʼs sole discretion. During the term of these Terms, Vendor grants DigitalOcean a limited, 
nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid-up right and license under all of Vendorʼs intellectual property rights in and to the Listing Information and Vendor Offerings to use, reproduce, translate into any language, and display the Listing Information and Vendor Offerings on the DigitalOcean Marketplace. DigitalOcean shall have no obligations to post, maintain, ensure the accuracy of or otherwise manage or handle the Listing Information or Vendor Offerings. 
(c) License to Vendor Marks. During the term of these Terms, Vendor grants DigitalOcean a non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully paid up, worldwide right and 
https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/marketplace-vendor-terms 2/14
3/11/25, 4:56 PM Legal - Marketplace Terms and Conditions 
license right and license under all of Vendorʼs intellectual property rights in and to the Vendor Marks to use, reproduce and display Vendorʼs trademarks and logos (“Vendor Marks”) as provided to DigitalOcean, in connection with the marketing and promotion of the Vendor Offerings in the DigitalOcean Marketplace. 
DigitalOcean may reformat or resize Vendor Marks for publishing on the 
DigitalOcean Marketplace provided that it does not materially alter the overall appearance of the Vendor Marks. DigitalOcean will stop using the Vendor Marks upon termination of Vendorʼs participation on the DigitalOcean Marketplace. 
(d) Security. 
i. Vendor will implement and maintain reasonable security measures to prevent unauthorized access to the Vendor Offerings. Such measures will in no event be less stringent than those used to safeguard Vendorʼs own property. Such measures will include, where appropriate, use of updated firewalls, virus screening software, logon identification and passwords, encryption, intrusion detection systems, logging of incidents, periodic reporting, and prompt 
application of current security patches, virus definitions and other updates. DigitalOcean reserves the right to terminate these Terms, in its sole discretion and without limitation or termination liability, if DigitalOcean reasonably determines that Vendor fails to meet its obligations under this Section or if the areas of non compliance are such that the security of the Vendor Offering is insufficient. 
ii. If at any time Vendor determines that any unlawful or unauthorized access, use or disclosure of the systems and/or confidential information of Vendor, its customers or DigitalOcean (“Data Security Breach”) may have or has occurred, Vendor will promptly notify DigitalOcean of such Data Security Breach and investigate such Data Security Breach. Vendor will use reasonable efforts to notify DigitalOcean of a Data Security Breach within eight 8) hours after Vendor reasonably believes that there has been a Data Security Breach, but in no event more than twenty four 24) hours after such belief. Notwithstanding the written notice provision set forth in Section 8(i), all notices to DigitalOcean required under this Section in connection with a Data Security Breach will be made by email to legal@digitalocean.com. Subject to applicable laws and regulations, any decision to notify a third party or parties of a Data Security Breach will be made by DigitalOcean in its sole discretion. Upon DigitalOceanʼs request, Vendor will reasonably cooperate with DigitalOcean and its third-party service providers in conducting an investigation of the Data Security Breach, which may include providing DigitalOcean and its third-party service providers with access to the Vendor Offerings and their underlying systems, network, servers and applications affected by the Data Security Breach. 
iii. Any password DigitalOcean provides to Vendor may be used only during the term to access and use the DigitalOcean Marketplace as permitted under these Terms. Vendor is solely responsible for maintaining the security of its password. https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/marketplace-vendor-terms 3/14
3/11/25, 4:56 PM Legal - Marketplace Terms and Conditions 
Vendor may not disclose its password to any third party (other than third parties authorized by Vendor to use Vendorʼs account in accordance with these Terms) and is solely responsible for any use of or action taken under its password. If Vendorʼs password is compromised, Vendor must immediately change its password. 
(e) Rights Reserved. Except for the license rights granted in these Terms: (i) Vendor retains all rights in the Listing Information and Vendor Offering; and (ii) each party retains all rights it would have independent of these Terms. 
DigitalOcean does not obtain any right, title or interest from Vendor under these Terms in or to the Listing Information and Vendor Offering. Vendor agrees that it is solely responsible for protecting and enforcing its rights in the Listing Information, Vendor Offering and the Vendor Marks and that DigitalOcean has no obligation to do so on Vendorʼs behalf. 
2. Licensing and Support of Vendor Oerings 
The DigitalOcean Marketplace is a forum for display of Listing Information regarding Vendor Offerings. Vendor, not DigitalOcean, is responsible for selling, licensing or otherwise granting end users (“Customers”) rights to use the Vendor Offerings, including all software, data, and services included within, installable by, or otherwise associated with a Vendor Offering. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Vendor hereby appoints DigitalOcean as an authorized distributor to sell and/or distribute the Vendor Offering to Customers for use in connection with the DigitalOcean Marketplace. 
Such licenses, end user license agreements EULAs and other agreements (in whatever form) will be between Vendor and Customers. DigitalOcean will neither be a party to these agreements nor will the agreements create any obligations or responsibilities of any kind for DigitalOcean. Vendor will be solely responsible for providing its Customers with all necessary support services, maintenance and other services in connection with the Vendor Offering and for ensuring that any options for support services and maintenance services that are described in Vendorʼs Listing Information for the Vendor Offering remain available for 
Customers. 
3. Condentiality and Data Protection 
(a) Definitions. In connection with these Terms, each party (“Recipient”) may receive Confidential Information of the other party (“Discloser”) or third parties to whom Discloser has a duty of confidentiality. “Confidential Information” means non-public information in any form and regardless of the method of acquisition that the Discloser designates as confidential or should be reasonably known by 
https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/marketplace-vendor-terms 4/14
3/11/25, 4:56 PM Legal - Marketplace Terms and Conditions 
Recipient to be Confidential Information due to the nature of the information disclosed and/or the circumstances surrounding the disclosure. Confidential Information shall not include information that is: (i) in or becomes part of the public domain (other than by disclosure by Recipient in violation of these Terms); 
(ii) previously known to Recipient without an obligation of confidentiality and demonstrable by the Recipient; (iii) independently developed by Recipient without use of Discloserʼs Confidential Information; or (iv) rightfully obtained by Recipient from third parties without an obligation of confidentiality. 
(b) Restrictions on Use. Except as allowed in Section 3(c), Recipient shall hold Discloserʼs Confidential Information in strict confidence and shall not disclose any such Confidential Information to any third party, other than to its employees and contractors, in each case who need to know such information and who are bound by restrictions regarding disclosure and use of such information comparable to and no less restrictive than those set forth herein. Recipient shall not use Discloserʼs Confidential Information for any purpose other than as permitted in these Terms. Recipient shall take the same degree of care that it uses to protect its own confidential information of a similar nature and importance (but in no event less than reasonable care) to protect the confidentiality and avoid the 
unauthorized use, disclosure, publication or dissemination of the Discloserʼs Confidential Information. 
(c) Exceptions. Notwithstanding the restrictions in Section 3(b), Recipient may disclose Discloserʼs Confidential Information: (i) to the extent required by applicable law or regulation, or (ii) pursuant to a subpoena or order of a court or regulatory, self-regulatory or legislative body of competent jurisdiction, or (iii) in connection with any regulatory report, audit or inquiry, or (iv) where requested by a regulator with jurisdiction over Recipient. In the event of such a requirement or request, Recipient shall give Discloser prompt written notice of such requirement or request prior to disclosure and, to the extent feasible, give the Discloser a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon the disclosure and request confidential treatment or a protective order pertaining thereto prior to making such disclosure. 
(d) Destruction. Upon Discloserʼs written request at any time, Recipient shall return or destroy Discloserʼs Confidential Information and any copies or extracts thereof. Upon Discloserʼs request, Recipient will provide Discloser with written confirmation of such return or destruction in compliance with this provision. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) Recipient will not be required to destroy or return automatic, archived computer back-up files on which Confidential Information may be stored in conformance with customary technology practices and policies and (ii) Recipient may retain one copy of the Discloserʼs Confidential Information in accordance with its ordinary course legal record retention procedures; provided, however, that any such retained Confidential Information 
https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/marketplace-vendor-terms 5/14
3/11/25, 4:56 PM Legal - Marketplace Terms and Conditions 
will be kept confidential and remain subject to these Terms for the period of retention. 
(e) Equitable Relief. Each party acknowledges that a breach of this Section 3 shall cause the other party irreparable injury and damage. Therefore, each party agrees that those breaches may be stopped through injunctive proceedings in addition to any other rights and remedies which may be available to the injured party at law or in equity without the posting of a bond. 
(f) Privacy. Vendor and DigitalOcean will only use data exchanged pursuant to these Terms as authorized and in compliance with applicable law. Each party shall maintain a Privacy Policy that accurately describes its use of existing and prospective Customer Data and prospective customer data. “Customer 
Data" means electronic data and information submitted by or for a Customer to the Services, Vendor Offerings, DigitalOcean Marketplace, etc, which are accessible to the Customer while resident on DigitalOceans systems, including through the Add-On Marketplace. 
(g) Privacy and Security of Customer Data Submitted or Accessed by the Vendor Offering. Vendor will maintain appropriate administrative, physical, and technical safeguards for the protection of the security, confidentiality and integrity of Customer Data submitted, accessed or processed by the Vendor Offering. To the extent the Vendor transmits or processes Customer Data outside 
DigitalOceanʼs systems (e.g. Add-Ons), Vendor represents and warrants that it will notify all Customers and Users prior to their use of the Vendor Offerings that their Customer Data will be transmitted or processed outside DigitalOceanʼs system and to that extent DigitalOcean is not responsible for the privacy, security, or integrity of that Customer Data. Vendor may not (a) modify Customer Data, except to provide the Vendor Offering or when expressly permitted in writing by Customer, (b) disclose Customer Data except as compelled by law or as expressly permitted in writing by Customer, or (c) access or use Customer Data except to provide the Vendor Offering and prevent or address service or technical problems, or at Customerʼs request in connection with customer support matters. In addition, Vendor will comply with all applicable laws in providing the Vendor Offering, including, but not limited to, pricing, documentation, and terms of use, to Customers and Users. Vendor agrees to maintain the confidentiality of Customer Data indefinitely following the expiration or termination of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, Customer Data will be deleted in accordance with the documentation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Add-On Terms, upon the Customerʼs request made within 30 days after the effective date of expiration or termination of an Add-On subject to the Add-On Terms, Vendor will make available to such Customer for export or download any data submitted by Customer to such Add-On or other Vendor Offering. 
https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/marketplace-vendor-terms 6/14
3/11/25, 4:56 PM Legal - Marketplace Terms and Conditions 
4. Limited Warranties and Disclaimer of 
Warranty 
(a) Vendor Representations and Warranties. Vendor represents and warrants to DigitalOcean that (i) it has all requisite right, power, and authority to enter into these Terms, perform your obligations, and grant the rights, licenses, and authorizations in these Terms; and (ii) any information provided or made available by Vendor or its for inclusion on the DigitalOcean Marketplace, including without limitation, the Vendor Offering, Vendor Marks, Listing Information, its agreement with Customers, is at all times accurate and complete. If the Vendor is a non-U.S. person, the Vendor represents that it provides software as a service and the services are performed outside the United States of America. This is an ongoing representation by the Vendor, and in case of any anticipated changes impacting this representation, the Vendor will provide an advance notice to DO at one clicks-team@digitalocean.com. 
(b) Disclaimer of Warranty. THE DIGITALOCEAN MARKETPLACE IS PROVIDED “ASIS” AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, DIGITALOCEAN EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR ARISING FROM COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE. DIGITALOCEAN EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES THAT ACCESS TO THE DIGITALOCEAN 
MARKETPLACE, OR USE OF, THE DIGITALOCEAN MARKETPLACE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE. 
5. Add-On Terms; Revenue Share; Payments. 
(a) Add-On and Pricing. “Add-Ons” means a Web-based, mobile, offline or other software application functionality that is provided by a you or a third party (i.e., not DigitalOcean) and interoperates with the Add-On Marketplace, including, for example, an application that is developed by or for you or Customer, is listed on an online directory, catalog or marketplace of applications that interoperate with the Add-On Marketplace or a similar designation., DigitalOcean will only distribute Add-Ons only through subscriptions. Vendor may change the Add-On Price at any time with ninety 90) days advance written notice to DigitalOcean, provided that any change to the Add-Ons Price may not take effect unless Vendor has complied with the foregoing advance written notice to DigitalOcean and the updated price change has been reflected in the Add-On Marketplace. Vendor price changes will apply as follows: (a) for all new Subscriptions, after the effective date of such 
https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/marketplace-vendor-terms 7/14
3/11/25, 4:56 PM Legal - Marketplace Terms and Conditions 
price changes and (b) for Subscription renewals, no sooner than the first day after the expiration of the then-current term. 
(b) Support. Vendor will be responsible for performing all Customer and User support for the Add-On. DigitalOcean may permit Customers and Users to submit trouble tickets for an Add-On to DigitalOcean directly, and DigitalOcean will transmit such trouble tickets to Vendor. Vendor will provide support promptly and during at least the same hours and at the same or better service levels as Vendor provides support to its other customers. 
(c) Marketing. The Parties may decide to engage in joint marketing activities to promote the Add-On on the DigitalOcean Marketplace. No party will engage in such marketing without the prior consent of the other. Each Party will pay its own costs and expenses for its marketing activities. 
Add-On Terms. Before Vendor grants any Customer access to the Add-On offering, Vendor shall require such Customer to enter into a legally binding, written agreement with Vendor that governs the Customerʼs access to and use of such Vendor Offering(s) (the “Add-On Terms”). Such Add-On Terms must be in a form acceptable to DigitalOcean, and Vendor will complete such steps as DigitalOcean may require to publish such Add-On Terms on the DigitalOcean Add-On 
Marketplace or successor marketplace. In the event that Vendor does not provide Add-On Terms, Vendor agrees that DigtialOcean default Add-On Terms (or such successor website) govern the Customerʼs access to and use of such Vendor Offering(s). 
(d) Add-On Revenue Share. For any Vendor Add-On that generates revenue pursuant to this Agreement, DigitalOcean shall pay Vendor 75% of the Net Collected Add-On Revenues it receives hereunder (the “Revenue Share”). DigitalOcean may change the percentage of the Revenue Share upon thirty 30) days advanced notice to Vendor via email or the Vendor Portal. “Net Collected Add-On Revenues” means all revenues actually received by DigtialOcean for the sale of subscriptions attributable to the Vendor Add-Ons less (i) the actual costs incurred by DigitalOcean in selling the subscriptions, including but not limited to transaction costs related to credit card processing; (ii) any rebates, credits, discounts, chargebacks, refunds or similar offsets actually issued by DigitalOcean for the subscriptions, (iii) any amounts invoiced but not actually collected, and (iii) any taxes that DigitalOcean is required to collect in connection with the sale of subscriptions. 
(e) Payments. DigitalOcean shall pay the Revenue Share due to Vendor no later than sixty 60) days after the end of the calendar month in which such revenues are received from Customers by DigitalOcean, by wire transfer, ACH, or other method mutually acceptable to the Parties. Payment may be withheld by DigitalOcean until Vendor completes or updates all required payment 
https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/marketplace-vendor-terms 8/14
3/11/25, 4:56 PM Legal - Marketplace Terms and Conditions 
documentation provided by DigitalOcean. Prior to acceptance as an approved Vendor, Vendor will provide the requisite U.S. federal income tax documentation to the Company. If a U.S. person or entity, Vendor will provide a valid Form W9. If a non-U.S. person or entity, Vendor will provide a valid Form W8BENE. 
(f) Reports. No later than the Revenue Share payment due date, DigitalOcean will make available to Vendor via the Vendor Portal a summary report and any permitted deductions thereto composing the Net Subscription Revenues. 
(g) Taxes. Unless otherwise stated, DigitalOceanʼs fees do not include any direct or indirect local, state, federal or foreign taxes, levies, duties or similar 
governmental assessments of any nature, including value-added, use or withholding taxes (collectively, “Taxes”). Vendor is solely responsible for paying all Taxes associated with the Revenue Share and its activities on the Add-On Marketplace, excluding taxes based on DigitalOceanʼs net income or property. If DigitalOcean has the legal obligation to pay or collect Taxes for which Vendor is responsible under this Section, the appropriate amount shall be invoiced to and paid by Vendor, unless Vendor provides DigitalOcean with a valid tax exemption certificate authorized by the appropriate taxing authority. DigitalOcean may withhold from any amounts payable, including but not limited to Revenue Share, under this Agreement such federal, state and local taxes as may be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 
6. Term and Termination, Removal 
These Terms will remain in effect until terminated. Either party may terminate these Terms at any time, for any reason or no reason, upon ninety 90) daysʼ written notice. Termination of these Terms will result in the Vendor Offering no longer being visible or otherwise available in the DigitalOcean Marketplace. Vendor may request removal of its Vendor Offerings from the DigitalOcean Marketplace by notifying DigitalOcean in writing and DigitalOcean will remove the Vendor Offering from the DigitalOcean Marketplace and will use commercially reasonable efforts to do so as follows: a) for non-Add-Ons removal within ten 10) business days; and b) for Add-Ons, removal within ninety 90) business days. DigitalOcean may immediately remove any Vendor Offering from the DigitalOcean Marketplace, for any reason or no reason, without terminating these Terms. The following Sections of these Terms shall survive termination of the Agreement: Sections 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9. 
7. Indemnication 
Vendor agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless DigitalOcean and its affiliated companies, contractors, employees, and agents (“DigitalOcean 
https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/marketplace-vendor-terms 9/14
3/11/25, 4:56 PM Legal - Marketplace Terms and Conditions 
Indemnified Parties”) harmless from any claims, losses, damages, liabilities, including legal fees and expenses its Affiliates, as applicable, from and against (including by paying any associated costs, losses, damages, expenses, and attorneysʼ fees) any and all third party claims: (i) alleging that the Vendor Offering, Vendor Marks, or Listing Information infringes or misappropriates any intellectual property right or personal right of a third party; (ii) arising from any dispute between Vendor and any Vendor customer relating to the Vendor Offering or any other Vendor product or service; (iii) Vendorʼs actual or alleged breach of any obligations in these Terms; (iv) use of the DigitalOcean Marketplace in violation of any applicable laws or regulations; (v) for or related to any US withholding tax and penalties (if applied by the IRS) that the IRS asserts DigitalOceanʼs payments to Vendor are subject to U.S. withholding tax; and (vi) for or related to any 
international, state, or local taxes and penalties to that a taxing authority asserts that DigitalOceanʼs payments to Vendor are subject to such taxes. 
8. Limitation of Liability 
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT FOR ANY LIABILITY ARISING UNDER SECTION 3 CONFIDENTIALITY OR 7 
INDEMNIFICATION I IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR LOST PROFITS, DATA OR BUSINESS, OR FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, 
INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS, HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT 
INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE; AND II THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF EACH PARTY SHALL NOT EXCEED $500.00. MULTIPLE CLAIMS SHALL NOT EXPAND THESE LIMITATIONS. THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 8 SHALL APPLY EVEN IF A PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY. BECAUSE DIGITALOCEAN IS NOT INVOLVED IN TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN CUSTOMERS AND VENDORS, IF A DISPUTE ARISES BETWEEN A CUSTOMER AND A VENDOR, EACH PARTICIPANT RELEASES DIGITALOCEAN AND ITS AGENTS AND 
EMPLOYEES FROM CLAIMS, DEMANDS, AND DAMAGES ACTUAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL OF EVERY KIND AND NATURE, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, SUSPECTED AND UNSUSPECTED, DISCLOSED AND UNDISCLOSED, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH SUCH DISPUTES. 
9. Miscellaneous 
(a) Conduct. Vendor and its customers shall at all times comply with 
DigitalOceanʼs Acceptable Use Policy, located at 
https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/marketplace-vendor-terms 10/14
3/11/25, 4:56 PM Legal - Marketplace Terms and Conditions 
https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/acceptable-use-policy/. Neither party shall make any representations, warranties, or guarantees concerning the other partyʼs offerings, products, or services, except as expressly authorized in writing by the other party. Vendor shall not make any representation that DigitalOcean has approved, recommended, or otherwise endorsed Vendor or a Vendor Offering. 
(b) No Exclusivity. Each party acknowledges and agrees that the rights granted to and obligations due to the other party in these Terms are intended to be non exclusive and therefore that nothing in these Terms will be deemed or construed to prohibit either party from engaging in or participating itself or with one or more third parties in business arrangements similar to or competitive with those described herein. 
(c) Modifications. DigitalOcean may amend any of the terms and conditions contained in these Terms at any time and in its sole discretion. Any changes will be effective upon the posting of such changes on the DigitalOcean Marketplace. Vendors are responsible for reviewing the DigitalOcean Marketplace and informing yourself of all applicable changes or notices. All notice of changes to the Agreement will be posted for at least thirty 30) days. Changes to the DigitalOcean Marketplace Publishing Guidelines and other policies may be made without notice to Vendor. Vendor should refer regularly to the DigitalOcean Marketplace to review the current Agreement and to the DigitalOcean Marketplace Publishing Guidelines to review the current Guidelines. A VENDORʼS CONTINUED USE OF THE DIGITALOCEAN MARKETPLACE AFTER DIGITALOCEANʼS POSTING OF ANY CHANGES WILL CONSTITUTE VENDORʼS ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH CHANGES OR MODIFICATIONS TO THE AGREEMENT. 
(d) Governing Law and Dispute Resolution. Any claim arising hereunder shall be construed in accordance with the substantive and procedural laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflict of laws or the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. Subject to the paragraph below, you agree that any dispute arising out of or related to these Terms will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the New York state courts of New York County, New York (or, if there is exclusive federal jurisdiction, a United States Southern District Court of New York). The parties consent to personal and exclusive jurisdiction of these courts. 
In the event of any controversy, claim, action or dispute arising out of or related to these Terms (“Dispute”), the party asserting the Dispute shall first try in good faith to settle such Dispute by providing written notice to the other party (by first class or registered mail) describing the facts and circumstances (including any relevant documentation) of the Dispute and allowing the receiving party 30 days in which to respond to or settle the Dispute. Both you and DigitalOcean agree that this dispute resolution procedure is a condition precedent that must be satisfied prior to initiating any arbitration or filing any claim against the other party. If the parties https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/marketplace-vendor-terms 11/14
3/11/25, 4:56 PM Legal - Marketplace Terms and Conditions 
cannot resolve the Dispute, you and DigitalOcean agree that every dispute arising in connection with these Terms will be resolved by binding arbitration. This agreement to arbitrate Disputes includes all claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of these Terms, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, 
misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, and regardless of whether a claim arises during or after the termination of these Terms. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS, YOU AND DIGITALOCEAN ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION. Any arbitration between you and DigitalOcean will be settled under the Federal Arbitration Act, and governed by the Commercial Dispute Resolution Procedures and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (collectively, “AAA Rules”) of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), as modified by these Terms, and will be administered by the AAA. 
(e) Compliance with Laws. Each party agrees to comply with all U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. laws directly applicable to such party, including without limitation, data privacy, applicable export and import laws and anticorruption laws including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010. 
(f) Severability. If any term, condition, or provision of these Terms, or portion thereof, is found to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, the parties shall endeavor in good faith to agree to such amendments that will preserve, as far as possible, the intentions expressed in these Terms. Such invalid term, condition or provision will be severed from the remaining terms, conditions and provisions, which will continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
(g) Waiver. Any waiver of the provisions of these Terms or of a partyʼs rights or remedies under these Terms must be in writing to be effective. Failure, neglect, or delay by a party to enforce the provisions of these Terms or its rights or remedies at any time, will not be construed and will not be deemed to be a waiver of such partyʼs rights under these Terms and will not in any way affect the validity of the whole or any part of these Terms or prejudice such partyʼs right to take 
subsequent action. Except as expressly stated in these Terms, no exercise or enforcement by either party of any right or remedy under these Terms will preclude the enforcement by such party of any other right or remedy under these Terms or that such party is entitled by law to enforce. 
(h) No Partnership; Agency. Nothing in these Terms shall constitute or create a joint venture, partnership, or any other similar arrangement between the parties. No party is authorized to act as agent for the other party hereunder except as expressly stated in these Terms. 
(i) Notices. All legal notices will be given in writing to DigitalOcean at 101 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10013 and to Vendor at the address provided 
https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/marketplace-vendor-terms 12/14
3/11/25, 4:56 PM Legal - Marketplace Terms and Conditions 
during the DigitalOcean Marketplace registration process and will be effective (i) when personally delivered, (ii) on the reported delivery date if sent by a 
recognized international or overnight courier, or (ii) five 5) business days after being sent by registered or certified mail (or ten 10) days for international mail). 
(j) Force Majeure. Neither party shall be responsible for any non-performance or delay (except for delay in payment, if any) attributable in whole or in part to any cause beyond its reasonable control, including but not limited to acts of God, government actions, war, civil disturbance, insurrection, sabotage, terrorist acts, labor shortages or disputes, failure or delaying delivery by a partyʼs suppliers or subcontractors, transportation difficulties, shortage of energy, raw materials or equipment, or the other partyʼs fault or negligence. 
(k) Order of Interpretation. In the event of a conflict between the terms of these Terms and DigitalOceanʼs Terms of Service Agreement, located at 
https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/terms-of-service-agreement, these Terms shall control. In the event of a conflict between the terms of these Terms and the Marketplace Publishing Guidelines, these Terms shall control. 
(l) Entire Agreement. These Terms (including all the matters incorporated by reference herein) supersedes all prior communications, transactions, and understandings, whether oral or written, and constitutes the sole and entire agreement between the parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof. 
Company 
Products 
Resources 
Solutions 
Contact 
https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/marketplace-vendor-terms 13/14
3/11/25, 4:56 PM Legal - Marketplace Terms and Conditions 
© 2025 DigitalOcean, LLC. Sitemap. Cookie Preferences 
https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/marketplace-vendor-terms 14/14